a:14:{s:8:"activate";s:1:"1";s:6:"minpay";s:2:"50";s:8:"sitename";s:8:"WedeBeek";s:10:"emailadmin";s:19:"Biphan@wedebeek.com";s:4:"logo";s:73:"https://wedebeek.com/upload/files/website_logo_transparent_background.png";s:9:"termsinfo";s:12548:"TERMS AND CONDITIONS<br>
This agreement (“Agreement”), is made the (“Effective Date”) between (“Advertiser”), with offices at Wedebeek Technology (“Client”), with 
offices 174 Chau Thi Vinh Te, My an, Ngu hanh son, Da nang. In consideration of the premises and promises set forth herein, and Client 
hereby agree as follows: <br>
I. ACCEPT AND REJECT CONVERSIONS<br>
(A) Pause/Change notifications should be sent by email 48 hours in advance.<br>
(B) Conversions/Leads/Installs are based on Advertiser's Statistics. In case of incongruity, both parties shall settle this amicably and most 
accurately by date, time, ips and conversion id.<br>
(C) Wedebeek will charge advertisers based on valid conversions and will be disapproved on invalid conversions.
In case of Conversions/Leads/Installs’ rejection, Advertiser shall provide reason(s) for rejection and provide with detailed sub_id report of 
users who were rejected within 5 days of the end of the bill period, otherwise
Conversions/Leads/Installs are considered valid.
Reports of traffic denials need to be sent with specific report details: ( IPs, Date, Customers information, sub_id, Reason). If you are unable 
to submit the specific report we request, you must accept the conversions within 5 business days.<br>
(D) If the advertiser hasn't sent the final confirmed number by the due date, all numbers must be accepted unconditionally after 5 business 
days.
Advertisers are responsible for paying on time commitment from before signing this contract. Wedebeek will charge for late payment cases 
1% of the total bill amount per day.
In case the advertiser does not pay or does not follow what has been signed in this contract, he must bear all costs of damage and be 
responsible before the law in the locality where the advertiser registers business as well as at international legal authority.<br>
II. PAYMENT<br>
(A) Advertisers have the right to add or modify the following agreements to better suit the interests of both parties. After agreeing to sign an 
agreement, any party that does not comply with IO will accept the penalty according to the provisions of law in the cybersecurity alliance of 
Vietnam and of the two countries, the case cannot be resolved, dispute will be resolved by the global community of continents and 
compensated in accordance with the International law.<br>
(B) Advertisers are responsible for providing all data related to potential customers submitted by affiliates in the event of a dispute for faster, 
clearer dispute resolution. All allegations made by advertisers must be well-founded, based on specific and accurate reports. All verbal 
accusations or messages without specific reports are believed to be baseless and do not work to deduct money from affiliates.<br>
(C) All disputes must be made within 5 business days at most. If after 5 days from the date of the dispute arose (the date of the final confirmation 
number) if the advertiser is still unable to produce reports evidencing the denial allegation against the pubs, all figures must be unconditional 
consent. After that, payment must be made as committed by both parties<br>
(D) Confirm Date and Pay Date:<br>
Confirmation numbers and payments from advertisers must be made on time to our request from time to time as follows:<br>
+ For net30 payment needs to confirm last month numbers no later than the 10th
- 15th of following month. Pay date: 30th<br>
.
+ For Net15 payments, confirm last month numbers must be provided by the 7
th – 10th of the following month. Pay date: 15th<br>
.
+ For Bi-weekly payment need to confirm number in a following week working from weekend of conversions made. Pay date: 3
rd week.<br>
+ For weekly payment need to confirm numbers no later than Tuesday of the following week and payment will be paid on Friday or Saturday 
at the latest.<br>
III. NO ASSIGNMENT OR RESALE OF AGREEMENT<br>
Neither party may assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement without written consent from the other party, which shall not be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided, however, nothing shall prevent either party from assigning its rights or obligations hereunder to a 
successor in ownership in connection with any merger, consolidation, or sale of substantially all of the assets of the business of the assigning 
party, or any other transaction in which ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of the assigning party’s voting securities is transferred. <br>
IV. NO OTHER WARRANTIES<br>
Except as expressly provided in this agreement, media partner makes no warranty whatsoever, express or implied, as to the products, services, 
and/or information provided hereunder. Client understands and agrees that any information provided hereunder represents self-reported 
information from individual consumers, and is provided on an as-is basis. Media partner makes no warranty as to whether client will realize 
any profit or receive any payment as a result of the sales provided. Media partner disclaims any warranties that could be implied in contract, 
in law, or in equity, including without limitation, any implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, quality, accuracy, 
completeness, reliability, or performance, or arising from usage of trade, course of dealing, or course of performance.<br>
V. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY<br>
In no event shall media partner be liable for any special, indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive, or exemplary loss, damage, or expense 
in connection with this agreement, including, without limitation, damages relating to loss of profits, income, or goodwill, even if client is aware 
of the possibility of damages. In no event shall media partner liability (whether in contract, tort, or otherwise) for monetary damages under this 
agreement exceed the fees paid by client to media partner hereunder. <br>
VI. INDEMNIFICATION<br>
(A) Client agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Media Partner and its officers, directors, employees, representatives, agents, 
subsidiaries, and affiliates, from and against any and all third party claims, actions, liabilities (including all reasonable costs, expenses, and 
attorneys' fees) arising from or in connection with (1) any claim that Client’s use of the Sales or Related Information violates any law or privacy 
or publicity right, intellectual property right, or any other right; (2) the products, services, and/or 
counsel provided by Client to its customers and/or an Media Partner Sale; (3) any communications by Client to individuals to which the 
information in any Sale pertains, or (4) Client’s breach of any of its obligations, representations, or warranties under this Agreement. Media 
Partner shall promptly notify Client in writing of all such claims and shall accommodate Client’s reasonable requests for cooperation and 
information. Media Partner shall agree to Client’s sole control over the defense and any settlement of such claims; provided, however, that 
Client shall not agree to any settlement that could adversely affect the rights or interest of Media Partner without the express written consent 
of Media Partner.<br>
(B) Media Partner agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Client and its officers, directors, employees, representatives, agents, 
subsidiaries, and affiliates, from and against any and all third party claims, actions, liabilities (including all reasonable costs, expenses, and 
attorneys' fees) arising from or in connection with (1) any claim that the products and/or services provided by Media Partner hereunder violate 
any law or privacy or publicity right, intellectual property right, or any other right, except to the extent that such claim is based on any action or 
omission of Client; or (2) Media Partner breach of any of its obligations, representations, or warranties under this Agreement. Client shall 
promptly notify Media Partner in writing of all such claims and shall accommodate Media Partner reasonable requests for cooperation and 
information. Client shall agree to Media Partner sole control over the defense and any settlement of such claims; provided, however, that 
Media Partner shall not agree to any settlement that could adversely affect the rights or interest of Client without the express written consent 
of Client.<br>
VII. AUTHORITY<br>
Media Partner and Client each represent and warrant to the other party that (a) such party has the full corporate power and authority to enter 
into this Agreement, to grant the licenses granted hereunder and to perform the acts required of it hereunder, and (b) this Agreement constitutes 
the legal, valid and binding obligation of such party, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as such may be limited by 
4
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar law affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and 
except as may be limited by federal principles of equity.<br>
VIII. AGENCY<br>
If an agency signs the Agreement, it does so as Client’s agent, and Client and agency will be jointly and severally liable for all obligations 
hereunder. Agency represents that it has full authority to act on Client’s behalf, provided, however, that nothing herein will release Client or 
agency from any obligation or liability hereunder, and Media Partner may look to Client or agency for performance of all obligations under this 
Agreement.
X. FORCE MAJEURE <br>
Neither party shall be liable for delays or nonperformance of this Agreement if such delay or nonperformance was caused by: (a) act of God, 
act of war, strike, fire, natural disaster, or accident; (b) lack of availability of materials, fuel, or utilities; or (c) any other cause beyond such 
party’s control.
XI. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION<br>
For a period of three (5) years, beginning on the Effective Date, each party will keep strictly confidential all Confidential Information disclosed 
by the other party, except to the extent an applicable governmental law, order, decree, regulation, rule, or process requires disclosure. In the 
event of such required disclosure, the receiving party shall provide written notice thereof to the disclosing party as soon as reasonably possible, 
and shall reasonably cooperate with the disclosing party in resisting the disclosure of or obtaining confidential treatment for such Confidential 
Information.<br>
XII. MISCELLANEOUS<br>
This Agreement and all applicable IOs : (i) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Viet Nam, without giving effect 
to principles of conflicts of law, and the parties consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Amsterdam; (ii) may be amended only by 
a written agreement executed by an authorized representative of each party; (iii) constitute the complete and entire expression of the 
agreement between the parties, and shall supersede any and all other agreements, whether written or oral, between the parties. In the event 
that any provision of this Agreement shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the remaining provisions 
shall remain in full force and effect. All notices, demands and other communications hereunder must be in writing or by written 
telecommunications and will be deemed to have been duly given (a) if mailed by certified mail, postage prepaid, on the date three days from 
the date of mailing, (b) if delivered by overnight courier, when received by the addressee or if sent by confirmed telecommunication, one 
business day following receipt by the addressee at the addresses set forth on the Agreement, or such other address as either party may 
specify in writing.
By signing, Media Partner acknowledges and affirms that Media Partner has read, understands and agrees to the provisions of this Agreement, 
including the terms of the applicable IO and any Addendum(a) attached hereto, all of which are made a part hereof and together shall comprise 
the entire Agreement between Client and Media Partner. In the event of a conflict between these Terms and Conditions and any other 
attachment or other document (including Addenda and IOs) these Terms and Conditions shall govern.<br>
XIII. TRAFFIC SOURCES<br>
Please note that the following traffic sources are not allowed under any circumstances on Wedebeek offers.
• Iframe
• Autosubscription 
If Found by Wedebeek, all made sales will be indemnified and will not be paid out to partner.";s:4:"rate";d:0.01;s:9:"indexpage";s:1:"1";s:15:"reg_success_pub";s:162:"You have successfully registered!. please active your email address.If you don't see the verification email in your inbox, please check your Junk or Spam folders.";s:15:"reg_success_adv";s:72:"Thanks for your submission, we will contact you for further information.";s:7:"log_adv";s:91:"Your submission has been completed, please allow 3-5 businesses days for processing. Thanks";s:12:"acc_pendding";s:80:"your account is currently processing, please allow 3-5 business days to respond.";s:10:"acc_banned";s:88:"your account has been suspended. Contact your affiliate manager for further informations";s:9:"acc_pause";s:85:"your account has been paused. Contact your affiliate manager for further informations";}